Improved seat massager sample (#99)
eclipse-ibeji/ibeji: digital-twin-model/README.md

# Digital Twin Model

## Specifying the Digital Twin Model

> The digital twin model is specified using [DTDL V3](https://github.com/Azure/opendigitaltwins-dtdl/blob/master/DTDL/v3/DTDL.v3.md). The DTDL is stored under the `digital-twin-model/dtdl` folder and each file defines a DTDL interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The digital twin model is specified using Digital Twins Definition Language ([DTDL V3](https://github.com/Azure/opendigitaltwins-dtdl/blob/master/DTDL/v3/DTDL.v3.md)). The DTDL is stored under the `digital-twin-model/dtdl` folder and each file defines a DTDL interface.
```

Author: Fixed.

> DTDL's behavior is defined by several metamodel classes. Initially, we will only use some of these metamodel classes, namely, Interface, Property, Command and Relationship.

Author: Fixed.

  "MaxTempSinceLastReset": 25.0  // Property defined in the model
}
```

In this example, the `@context` field specifies the version of DTDL being used. For DTDL version 3, the appropriate context specifier is `dtmi:dtdl:context;3`. The `@id` field is a unique identifier for the thermostat device instance, and the `@type` field specifies that the instance is based on the `dtmi:com:example:Thermostat;1` model. The `Temperature`, `TargetTemperature`, and `MaxTempSinceLastReset` fields are properties defined in the model, and their values are set for this specific instance.

In DTDL, a **Relationship** is a directional link from a source digital twin to a target digital twin. Relationships are used to create and navigate the graph of digital twins.

Here's an example of how a relationship might be represented in a DTDL model:

```json
{
  "@context": "dtmi:dtdl:context;3",
  "@id": "dtmi:com:example:Building;1",
  "@type": "Interface",
  "displayName": "Building",
  "contents": [
    {
      "@type": "Relationship",
      "name": "hasFloor",
      "minMultiplicity": 0,
      "maxMultiplicity": 100,
      "target": "dtmi:com:example:Floor;1"
    }
  ]
}
```

> In this example, the `hasFloor` relationship represents a link from a `Building` instance to a `Floor` instance¹. The `minMultiplicity` and `maxMultiplicity` fields specify that a `Building` can have between 0 and 100 `Floor` instances. The `target` field specifies the DTDL model that the target of the relationship is based on.

Author: Most of this section was written by ChatGPT.  I removed the superscript.

> And here's an example of how a relationship might be represented in a DTDL instance:

Author: Fixed.

```json
{
  "@context": "dtmi:dtdl:context;3",
  "@id": "dtmi:com:example:Building:building1;1",  // Unique identifier for the instance
  "@type": "dtmi:com:example:Building;1",  // The DTDL model that the instance is based on
  "hasFloor": [
    "dtmi:com:example:Floor:floor1;1",
    "dtmi:com:example:Floor:floor2;1"
  ]
}
```

In this example, the `hasFloor` field is an array of identifiers for `Floor` instances that are related to the `Building` instance.

## Using the Digital Twin Model in the Code

> The digital twin providers and consumers need to use the Digital Twin Model to perform digital twin interactions:

Author: Fixed.

- They need to use the model identifiers (denoted by "@id" in the DTDL) to identify the part of the model that they want or use.

> - They need and the model names (denoted by "name" in the DTDL model) to identify the member of a model part that they want or use.

Author: I rewrote this.  Please see if it makes more sense now.

- They need property definitions to exchange the associated values.

> - They need commands definitions of their request and response to send and receive the appropriate payloads.

Author: Fixed.

> We need to make this content accessible as code. Each programming language will need its own variant. In this code repository, we will

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We need to make the digital twin model accessible as code. Each programming language will need its own variant. In this code repository, we will
```

Author: Both are fine, but I have used your suggestion.  Fixed.

> We need to make this content accessible as code.  Each programming language will need its own variant.  In this code repository, we will

Reviewer: Consider adding extra context for why this is helpful to have represented in code. Something like: we recommend using the Rust implementation in sdv_v1.rs as a guide for representing the model in your chosen programming language. That way, the provider and consumer use the same contract and constants can be defined in a central place.

provide a Rust variant. We will place all of the code for the model's content in a single file named after the model and its version. In
this code repository, that file will be the 'digital-twin-model/src/sdv_v1.rs' file.

> The 'sdv_v1.rs' file is based on the model content from the DTDL files located under 'digital-twin-model/dtdl/dtmi/sdv'.

Reviewer 3: we should probably also document what sdv_v0.rs is. I don't think we need to say anything more than "it's an earlier prototype for legacy support" or something like that

Author: Fixed.
